#
# $Id$
#

# Use with 'hbrun <root>/config/ren_sfn.prg [F|T]'

LICENCE    LICENCE
config.h   config.h.generic
pcre.h     pcre.h.generic
pcreinal.h pcre_internal.h
ucp.h      ucp.h
chartabs.c pcre_chartables.c.dist
pcrecomp.c pcre_compile.c
pcreconf.c pcre_config.c
pcredfa.c  pcre_dfa_exec.c
pcreexec.c pcre_exec.c
pcrefinf.c pcre_fullinfo.c
pcreget.c  pcre_get.c
pcreglob.c pcre_globals.c
pcreinfo.c pcre_info.c
pcremktb.c pcre_maketables.c
pcrenewl.c pcre_newline.c
pcreoutf.c pcre_ord2utf8.c
pcreprni.h pcre_printint.src
pcrerefc.c pcre_refcount.c
pcrestud.c pcre_study.c
pcretabs.c pcre_tables.c
pcretryf.c pcre_try_flipped.c
pcreucd.c  pcre_ucd.c
pcrevutf.c pcre_valid_utf8.c
pcrever.c  pcre_version.c
pcrexcls.c pcre_xclass.c
